C.B. is a significantly overweight, 48-year-old woman from the Winnebago Indian tribe who had high blood sugar and cholesterol levels three years ago but did not follow up with a clinical diagnostic work-up. She had participated in the state’s annual health screening program and noticed that her fasting blood sugar was 141 and her cholesterol was 225. However, she felt “perfectly fine at the time” and could not afford any more medications. 
Today, she presents to the Indian Hospital general practitioner complaining that her left foot has been weak and numb for nearly three weeks and that the foot is difficult to flex. She denies any other weakness or numbness at this time. However, she reports that she has been very thirsty lately and gets up more often at night to urinate. She has attributed these symptoms to the extremely warm weather and drinking more water to keep hydrated. She has gained a total of 65 pounds since her last pregnancy 14 years ago, 15 pounds in the last 6 months alone. 

Past medical history:
Seasonal allergic rhinitis (since her early 20s) 
Breast biopsy positive for fibroadenoma at age 30 
Gestational diabetes with fourth child 14 years ago 
Morning sickness with all four pregnancies 
HTN  10 years 
Moderate-to-severe osteoarthritis involving hands and knees  4 years 
Multiple yeast infections during the past 3 years that she has self-treated with OTC anti- 
fungal creams and salt baths 
Occasional constipation 

Past surgical history: C-section 14 years ago.

OB-GYN History: Menarche at age 12, First child at age 17, last child at age 34 ,all babies were healthy, 4th child weighed 10 lbs 61⁄2 oz at birth, Last Pap smear 4 years ago 

Social History 
Married 29 years with 4 children; husband is a migrant farm worker 
Family of 5 lives in a 2-bedroom trailer 
Patient works full-time as a seamstress in a small, family-owned business 
Smokes 2 ppd (since age 14) and drinks 2 beers most evenings 
Has “never used illegal drugs of any kind” 
Rarely exercises and admits to trying various fad diets for weight loss but with little 
success; has given up trying to lose weight and now eats a diet rich in fats and refined sugars 
