Warren Edward Buffett is an American investor and philanthropist who currently serves as the chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway. As a result of his investment success, Buffett is one of the best-known investors in the world. According to Forbes, as of February 17, 2025, Buffett's estimated net worth stood at $149.6 billion, making him the seventh richest individual in the world.

Buffett was born in Omaha, Nebraska. The son of U.S. congressman and businessman Howard Buffett, he developed an interest in business and investing during his youth. He entered the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before graduating from the University of Nebraska at 20. He went on to graduate from Columbia Business School, where he molded his investment philosophy around the concept of value investing pioneered by Benjamin Graham. He attended the New York Institute of Finance to focus on his economics background and soon pursued a business career.

He later began various business ventures and investment partnerships, including one with Graham. In 1956, he created Buffett Partnership Ltd., and his investment firm eventually acquired a textile manufacturing company, Berkshire Hathaway. He assumed its name to create a diversified holding company and emerged as the company's chairman and majority shareholder in 1970. In 1978, fellow investor and long-time business associate Charlie Munger joined Buffett as vice-chairman.

Since 1970, Buffett has presided as the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway, one of America's foremost holding companies and one of the world's leading corporate conglomerates. He has been referred to as the "Oracle" or "Sage" of Omaha by global media due to his massive fortune derived from business and investment success. He is noted for his adherence to the principles of value investing and his frugality despite his wealth.
Buffett has pledged to give away 99 percent of his fortune to philanthropic causes, primarily via the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. In 2010, he founded the Giving Pledge with Bill Gates, encouraging billionaires to give away at least half of their fortunes.
