Throwaway, husband uses reddit. Backstory first. I (27f) work full time as does my husband (26m). I do make more than my husband and the dicotomy is only going to increase as time goes due to my line of work. We have two kids, a 2 and a half year old and a 10 month old. We both love our kids endlessly and share equally in all parental duties. All that said, I do work earlier than my husband and pick both of our children up from their respective daycares and am home with them for a couple hours before my husband gets home. When he gets home, he is more often than not in a, for lack of a better word, shitty mood. He does not like his job, and that stress follows him home. We are not financially well off at the moment but in the future due to my job, we have spoken of the possibility of him being a stay at home dad. This is the future that I thought we were working towards. About a month ago, my husband informed me that he was in the process of applying for college. I was a little taken aback due to us both talking about our future with him at home. I am trying to be supportive of the idea, but, did mention that i had thought that he was looking forward to being a stay at home dad. That is where I left the conversation. I did not tell him of my other concerns which are more responsible for my disagreement with him going back to school. I mentioned that he is in a shitty mood sometimes when he gets back home, and that attitude can sometimes be taken out on our kids. Now, I do want to stress that he is a great and loving father, but, on some days, seeing the way he interacts with our children can be heartbreaking. He can be short with them and often will shout at our oldest. Every interruption the kids can cause is likely to upset him and cause him to be angry. Most nights I will take over caring for the kids to give him a break as I can see that he is in a bad mood. The financial aspect of college is also an issue I have. As I mentioned, we are not too financially well off and I do not know how well we could manage the prospect of student loans. Edit: Im adding info to maybe help clarify some things. My husband had decided himself he wanted to be a stay at home dad. He still hasnt said that isnt what he wants to do. If he were to have a change of heart I would not even mind, this is not an issue of me trying to stop hik from achieving his dreams or halt his happiness. This whole school thing was just dumped on me. About the school. Its a film school in our state that he will be attending through online classes while at home. He will be trying to get a degree in some form of entertainment management (i think). The reason this concerns me is how short he is with the children already. this is my main concern. I do not want his behavior at home to get worse due to the added stress of schoolwork and deadlines. Our financial situation currently demands us both to be working. In maybe 4 years or less it would be feesible for him to no longer work. At that time if he still wanted i would have no issue with him returning to school. Once he no longer has to work at a job he hates. In the meantime i more than encourage him to find other work that he might enjoy more. But i think adding to his plate while life as it stands seems to be too much for him to bear without snapping out our children at every turn is not wise for the family. AITA for not wanting him to go back to school? Should I voice my concerns more clearly? Thank you.